[theme music]
[Su-bin] I had no idea
something like this could happen to her.
All of a sudden, she said
her peripheral vision was gone,
so we went to an ophthalmologist.
The doctor told me to see a neurosurgeon.
But So-mi is okay, isn't she?
[sighs]
Has she had her first period yet?
Not yet. Is that a problem or something?
Uh…
[uneasy music]
[clicks tongue]
Take a look at this.
[Song-hwa] Do you see that mass?
From the blood test,
I noticed her prolactin level
is quite elevated.
We found a tumor in her pituitary gland,
and the tumor is growing upward.
The optic chiasm is the crossing
of the optic nerves,
and it's in this part of the brain.
As you can see,
the mass is pressing on it.
That explains the loss
of her peripheral vision.
It could also be the reason why
she hasn't had her period yet.
So…
You mean I have a brain tumor?
[Song-hwa] In my opinion,
it could be a pituitary tumor.
I'll give you my official diagnosis,
but I'll need to see
the results of the biopsy first.
They usually turn out to be benign,
so don't worry too much.
It's gonna be okay, So-mi.
This is treatable.
We can definitely fix this.
Isn't that right, doctor?
Yes, of course.
So-mi, listen.
We won't even be doing brain surgery.
It's called TSA surgery.
We'll be inserting
an endoscope through your nose
and then we'll just scratch off the tumor.
As long as you continue taking
the medication after the procedure,
you'll have no problems
recovering from this.
-You have nothing to worry about.
-[Su-bin] Doctor.
When can we schedule her surgery?
I didn't see any bleeding in the brain,
so it's not urgent.
But we shouldn't put it off.
Let's get her admitted and we can proceed.
As soon as you're settled,
let's start with a blood test,
ECG, and a chest X-ray
so we can check
if she can get the surgery.
For the procedure, I'll perform it
when our ENT doctor is available,
so let me confirm their schedule.
Hopefully, we can do this
as soon as possible.
[sighs]
Thank you so much.
Mrs. Song, it would've been better
if you both came in sooner.
You must've been experiencing
severe headaches
and your vision loss is also alarming.
Her tumor has progressed quite a bit.
I know, but she just told me about it.
[Su-bin clicks tongue]
I only found out recently.
My gosh, I'm so sorry.
[sniffles]
[Song-hwa] There's no need to apologize.
[phone rings]
Please, excuse me.
What? I'm with a patient.
[gasps]
[Ik-jun] Jun-wan just went in.
Doesn't look like he's gonna make it.
[sighs]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[somber music]
[approaching footsteps]
[Song-hwa] Aren't you cold?
Why didn't you wait in your office?
You should get some sleep.
You've got patients to see tomorrow.
I won't be able to sleep.
I thought about it,
but I can't go home yet.
Song-hwa.
I… I don't know how to feel.
What?
I don't know if I'm sad
or if I'm feeling relieved.
I'm not sure how one is supposed to feel
in this case.
What's bothering me is,
I'm feeling something, sure.
[sighs]
But I can't put my finger on what it is.
And I don't know…
what kind of face I should put on.
Then maybe you shouldn't do anything.
[approaching footsteps]
Hey, guys, go home. I'm really all right.
[Seok-hyeong] Seriously.
Are you staying the night?
Jun-wan is going to be here.
I'll be up checking on
my other patients, too.
You should go home.
I'll call you as soon as
something happens.
Listen to him.
I swear, guys.
[Seok-hyeong] You know
I don't believe in superstitions.
But I have a bad feeling about this.
I don't think I should leave yet.
[chuckles softly]
[approaching footsteps]
[background chatter]
Perhaps, it might be better
if I keep this black suit on all the time.
My goodness. So many funerals these days.
Chairman Yang, he had a bad heart
to begin with, didn't he?
Jeong-won explained to me he had angina,
but he got the surgery for it years ago.
Apparently, he kept saying
it wasn't serious.
[scoffs]
I can't believe he died so suddenly.
Had he known,
he might have been nicer
to his wife and children.
[sighing]
What will happen to his company?
Isn't he the majority shareholder
of Taegeon Apparel?
[sucks teeth]
I don't think Professor Yang's mom
will want to take over.
-Do you think he's going to run it?
-How could he possibly do that?
Jong-su.
I just realized we don't live
in an unfair world after all. We don't.
-What do you mean?
-I mean his mistress.
She's got nothing now that he's dead.
I'm sure she wanted
to take over the company.
Um-hmm.
[sniffs]
Hey.
[Seok-hyeong] I'd like to thank you both
for coming.
Have you eaten?
Uh, excuse me. Could we get more
side dishes and drinks here?
No, we're all right. We've eaten a lot.
Have you gotten any sleep?
Where are your friends?
I took a short nap earlier.
And the guys all have surgery this evening
so they visited this afternoon.
-Sir, would you like me to get you a beer?
-No, no, no.
How's your mother?
She finally agreed to go home.
I told her to sleep there tonight,
so she could come back tomorrow morning.
Most of his employees came
in this afternoon.
Mostly it's my guests who are night owls.
Speaking of night owls,
Jong-su, his friends are here.
So let's go.
-Okay. We're going.
-We'll see you.
[Rosa] Bye. Hello, children
-Bye, Mom.
-[Rosa] Take care.
[Jong-su] Take care now, goodbye.
Thank you for coming.
-[Jun-wan] Goodbye.
-Bye.
[Jeong-won] Your underwear and your razor.
The underwear is new, and I brought
the razor that was in your office.
[chuckles]
Thank you.
I was actually thinking of asking my mom
to bring me some.
[Jeong-won] That is a pain relief patch.
I remember when my dad passed away,
I couldn't move so much
because my knees were hurting
from bowing to people so many times.
[chuckles]
-I guess you haven't had dinner yet.
-I'm so hungry.
-You're right, not yet, let's eat.
-All right.
She really came to the funeral?
Are you serious?
Wow, that woman has a lot of guts.
It's a good thing my mom wasn't here,
or there would've been a scene.
You didn't curse and kick her out?
Don't you know Seok-hyeong?
I'm sure he sent her away quietly.
I didn't. She only paid her respects.
I told her it's okay.
[scoffs]
Have you lost your mind?
The real Buddha was here.
Did she tell you anything else?
Oh.
She told me that
she was six months pregnant.
-What impeccable timing she has.
-[scoffs]
She said the child may be fatherless,
but he will have a good older brother.
But she won't stop going on
about this and that.
So I kept listening to her.
That woman is on another level.
Now I know why she's okay
being a mistress.
-Then, that lady, she's--
-Lady? She isn't one.
She won't be able to get anything more
from your family, right?
-She better not.
-When her baby is born,
the child will have the right
to a part of the inheritance.
You'll allow that?
It's gonna be hard to prove
the baby's paternity
-since your father's passed away.
-Don't let them have a cent.
-Not a single cent.
-[scoffs]
You guys know that's not up to me.
And it's not the baby's fault.
[all] Hey!
[theme music]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[phone ringing]
[Jae-hwan] Yes?
Oh, okay, sure. I got it, thanks.
Hello, sir. We're here to get admitted.
[Jae-hwan] Oh, I see. Have a seat.
-Could I get your name, please?
-My name is Park Byeong-su.
[Jae-wan] Before we start,
I need to ask you a few questions.
Do you have any underlying conditions?
-I have diabetes.
-Do you remember when were you diagnosed?
-When was it, ten years ago?
-Mm-hmm.
It was such a long time ago.
[Jae-wan] No problem.
Have you had any surgery in the past?
-None, this is my first one.
-[Jae-wan] Okay.
Let's get your height and weight
over there, please.
[Byeong-su] Okay.
The patient from Room One
is up for surgery.
Is the patient ready?
Let me check.
-I'll add antibiotics to the list.
-[nurse 1] Okay.
[nurse 2] Patient Lee Jang-u.
He's back from his surgery.
-Could you wait a moment, please?
-[phone ringing]
Yes. Okay. I'll get it ready.
Yes, we're on it.
-Excuse me, ma'am.
-Yes?
[Jae-hwan] The patient in Room Eight
is now back from surgery.
A patient from ER will be transferred
to Room Three.
The thing is, I'm not done
with admitting him for his surgery.
You can now head to Room Eight, please.
Then finish getting
his complete medical history
while I check on Mr. Lee Jang-u's
vital signs and get him settled.
Then I'll see if a bed is ready
in Room Three, okay?
-[Jae-wan] Okay, thank you. Over here.
-[Su-bin] Take a seat.
[Chang-min] Ma'am, how do we explain
that we need to get
Lee Jae-guk's consent for ERCP?
Tell him he's got
a high total bilirubin level
after his cholecystectomy, and from the…
MRCP exam, we found a CBD stone,
so he's getting an ERCP.
-All right.
-[Su-bin] Let's get you settled.
Hey. So-mi.
You know I have privacy rights.
Why didn't you ask my permission first?
[So-mi] You totally got it wrong.
I wasn't filming you at all.
[Su-bin] You're going to be moved
to a regular room now.
Are you feeling better?
Take deep breaths, that will help you
get your mind off the pain.
Make sure to go
to your physical therapy sessions.
And I'll see you back here
in three months.
-Okay. Thank you, doctor.
-Okay.
[door opens, closes]
[soft groan]
Professor Chae,
your herniated disc is acting up again.
Are you taking your pills?
I'm thinking of taking one now.
But I know one isn't going to be enough.
-Are we almost done?
-Yes.
-Bring in the next patient.
-[phone rings]
Oh, can you hang on?
-Yes?
-[Chi-hong] Professor Chae.
The patient is in his 40s.
From the CT scan,
there's ICH in his left basal ganglia.
He's in a stupor
and his right motor skills are poor.
All right. I'm on my way.
I need to go to the ER.
I have to leave right now.
Please tell the others outside
about the emergency.
Yes.
[plastic rustles]
Are you saying this is your last year?
-Yes.
-[Jeon] Did something happen to you?
[sighs]
If you leave,
it will definitely affect the hospital.
I really am sorry.
I know there's a shortage
of pediatric surgeons and I'm not helping…
-by leaving.
-There's more at stake here.
There are only 48 pediatric surgeons
who practice in Korea.
And we're the only major hospital
that has two on our roster.
There are over ten hospitals
without a pediatric surgeon.
I'm sure you know this better than I do.
[Jeon sighs]
It's not just the doctor.
We're also talking
about his entire team as well.
[sighing]
What are we supposed to do?
[Jeon inhales deeply]
Our other doctors have established
themselves in our Sokcho branch,
and without you here,
the entire department
will have to close down.
I'm really sorry.
[sighs deeply]
This is unexpected.
Just let me think things over.
And will you please reconsider
your decision, huh?
Sure.
[Song-hwa] Sir, could you please
open your eyes?
Could you tell me your name?
[sighs]
[machine beeping]
I'll insert a catheter
after looking at the CT navigation,
go and set that up and arrange for an OR.
-Call me when the patient is ready.
-[Chi-hong] Yes.
[Song-hwa] Well, a thin blood vessel
in his brain
called a basal ganglia has ruptured
and we found some bleeding.
That's why he is unconscious,
and his right side is not responding.
After checking the navigation system,
we'll insert a catheter
and remove the blood from that spot.
Hopefully, he'll regain consciousness
right away.
It'll be very dangerous
if the bleeding gets worse.
[sharp exhale]
Oh, no.
Do you mean his condition could worsen
if he gets this surgery?
-Yes.
-[gasps]
But if he doesn't get it,
he might never regain consciousness
and die from excessive bleeding.
Surgery is the only option
he's got left for now.
Another thing, brain damage happened
the moment the bleeding started,
so he could suffer
from other side effects.
But it's important that we remove
as much blood as we can from the brain
and hopefully,
he'll regain consciousness soon after.
Rest assured,
I will do my best during this surgery.
Doctor, please do what you can
to save my husband.
Please save his life, I don't care
if his arms and legs are paralyzed.
Please save him, doctor.
I promise I'll do my best.
[tense music]
Now, I'm in the OR lounge.
Yes. I have two back-to-back surgeries,
and I'm drinking coffee
while I'm on my break.
-What about you?
-[Ik-sun] I'm shooting guns.
[chuckles]
Hey, cut that out.
Are you teasing me
because I didn't serve the army?
[Ik-sun] Officers have a firing drill.
We have to do this exercise
once every quarter.
We have to shoot a target
that's 25m away with a pistol.
-I won first last time.
-What was the prize?
[Ik-sun laughing]
What prize? You think I'm at a carnival?
-[door opens]
-[Ik-sun laughing]
[Ik-jun sighs]
[door closes]
Jun-wan, I want to go
to Seoul this weekend.
I'll stay at my brother's house
because I miss U-ju so much.
-[Ik-jun sighs]
-Mm. Okay.
Then, I'll visit you when you get there.
Mm.
It's okay, I'll come up with an excuse.
[Jun-wan] Mm-hmm.
[quirky music]
Saturday?
Lunch? Mm.
Or dinner?
It's fine. Our lovely universe
might go to sleep early anyway.
[sucks teeth]
Mm, mm-hmm. Me too, I love you.
Argh! What are you doing?
You really are a nutcase!
My goodness, I want to punch you
so bad right now, you jerk!
-You don't find me cute?
-Oh, you…
"I love you." You know what?
You've been dating her for quite
a while now. She must be quite the catch.
[sighs]
Yeah.
That serious look on your face
doesn't suit you. Please don't do that.
[phone rings]
FORMER MICKEY, CURRENTLY IK-SUN
Oh, salute! How's it going, Ik-sun?
[Ik-jun] I'm doing a liver transplant,
but I'm on my break.
What? You're coming today?
I'd love it if you can sleep over.
Wow, U-ju will be super thrilled.
What? You… you want to eat what again?
Snow crabs?
What is with you?
But where will I find snow crabs now?
What's that?
Which one? It's me.
And a box of snow crabs.
Why are you suddenly bringing me this?
U-ju. Hey U-ju,
aren't snow crabs your favorite?
I bought lots of them just for you.
They're my favorite?
What will you say
when you're given something?
Thank you very much.
Yeah, thank you very much.
[Ik-jun] What?
You have zero water in your house?
Yeah, it just stopped all of a sudden.
How come?
You just renovated your bathroom.
It's so awful.
They didn't do a good job with it.
If you ran out of water,
how come your hair looks so neat?
Oh, I look neat? Really?
No, man. I just woke up, actually.
So why are you going to
the hospital later?
Did something happen or are you on call?
I have to prepare for a presentation
at a symposium next month.
Anyway, I'll go while you two are here.
[Ik-jun] It's been a while
since I studied in a quiet place.
-So you do study after all.
-Mm, sometimes.
You're so annoying.
-Where's the symposium?
-Spain. More than a month away.
Hey, U-ju. You're going to have fun
with Aunt Ik-sun
and Uncle Snow Crab today.
I gotta go to the hospital later.
That okay?
No, Dad. You're hurting the snow crab.
If you keep doing that,
you'll hurt its legs even more.
[gasps]
Okay, U-ju, how about
you close your eyes for a second?
[Ik-jun] Good.
U-ju, come, look at me.
-[cracking knuckles]
-Oh. Oof.
You know, bending your joints correctly
doesn't hurt.
-[cracking knuckles]
-[Ik-sun exhales]
[Ik-sun] I know it sounds loud,
but when I do it, it doesn't hurt at all.
[cracking knuckles continues]
Bend it the right way
and you won't feel any pain.
-[cracking joints]
-[exhales]
U-ju, never copy
what your aunt is doing, okay?
Remember, she's the Terminator
and can't feel any pain.
She's not human. Cut it out.
[Ik-jun] Right. Now we can finish eating.
[utensils clinking]
-[water rippling]
-[Ik-jun sniffles]
I'm leaving.
Hey, when U-ju wakes up, will you
read him the book I left on his desk?
-That's the one he likes.
-Yeah, I got it.
What time will you be back?
-I'll be quick.
-Take your time.
You should give yourself a break too.
We're here to enjoy your alone time.
He's right. You don't really need to rush.
We can take care of U-ju
while you're gone.
Okay, my gosh.
[chuckling]
[comical music]
By the way, you two…
No fighting.
[both laugh]
-We won't fight. Why would we?
-Of course we won't be doing that.
-Come on.
-[Ik-jun scoffs]
Bye.
[Ik-sun chuckles]
[door shuts]
[romantic music]
Leave them. I'll do those later.
I'm good at washing dishes.
I'm almost done.
Give me a kiss.
[door opens]
[quirky music]
[Jun-wan groans]
[Ik-jun] U-ju.
Daddy's gonna carry you to bed.
[quirky music continues]
[dishes clanking]
-[cloth rustling]
-[dishes clanking]
By the way, if U-ju says he's hungry
after he wakes up from his nap,
you can give him some chocolate milk,
it's in the fridge.
And call me as soon as he wakes up.
Are you turning into Jeong-won?
Stop that, hey.
And why are you wiping only one spot?
[quirky music continues]
-[sighs]
-[door shuts]
My brother changed after he got married.
He became so different.
Yeah, Ik-jun has changed so much.
Yes, he used to go clubbing all the time,
and he would dance the whole night
in every single club in town.
I'd worry about him thinking
he might freeze
or get beaten and left for dead
on the street.
[both laugh]
But then, he became a father
after he got married,
and he totally changed.
He stopped going to clubs in town,
he stopped playing video games.
Do you know
he's the master at playing poker?
Of course.
He was obsessed with games and clubbing.
[clicks tongue, sighs]
But now I guess he's lost all interest.
He lived life like there's no tomorrow.
Now he lives only for his son.
It kinda breaks my heart a little.
[soft chuckle]
That means he loves U-ju so much.
I think I'd do the same thing
if I get married and have family.
It would be a huge blessing.
[calm music]
Yes, I'm here. I just got to the hospital.
[Chi-hong's mom] How could you leave
right after finishing
your birthday meal, son?
-We were so sad when you left.
-I'm sorry,
but there's still
so much work I need to do.
Okay, all right.
I'll call home more often.
Thank you for giving birth to me.
[chuckles]
Yeah.
-[elevator dings]
-[phone beeps]
Why are you here?
You don't have work today.
[chuckles]
Hey, there. Wow. You're working hard, huh?
Listen, Chi-hong and I are just friends.
I respect him a lot.
He's very diligent and thoughtful too.
As a matter of fact,
everyone in the military academy
thought he would become a general.
He's born to be in the military.
I could see that. I noticed him
working hard during shifts at Yulje.
Back at the camp,
he would wake up at 5:00 a.m. every day
to exercise by himself for an hour.
He would read books and study all the time
because he really wanted to be better.
Then we heard he had health problems,
and suddenly he was discharged.
A lot of us cried that day.
Even Chi-hong cried his eyes out.
Oh, gosh, that was so awful.
[Jun-wan] It all worked
for the better, though.
He'll take the medical board exam
after a year.
He must do a fellowship for a few years,
but he's almost at the finish line.
He just needs to work
his ass off for a year.
I'm glad it worked out for him.
Initially, I was so worried
when I heard he was going to med school
and apply for neurosurgery.
You know how hospitals have
so many weirdos.
But I also knew that he's tough,
and he's not the type who easily gives up.
I was so worried
he would get an awful professor
who would be hard on him.
We were all worried when he left.
It's a good thing his professor is so nice
so his adjustment wasn't so bad.
We were so relieved when we found out.
He has Song-hwa.
He's got the best professor there.
Even I adjusted well
because she is my friend.
[chuckles]
Seriously. It's thanks to Song-hwa.
She's a really amazing person,
and just the sight of her alone
is enough to make me happy.
[chuckles softly]
Ik-jun should have tried to date her
a long time ago.
He can be such an idiot.
Are you sure there's nothing going on
between them?
[Jun-wan] Nothing.
I'm a hundred percent sure.
[sighs]
You came here on a weekend just
to check on the drainage of the patient?
Yes, it's an ICH patient.
We put in a catheter
via the navigation system.
[clicks tongue]
The surgery went well
but the drainage isn't that high,
so that's why Professor Chae
is still very worried.
I needed to take care of some charts too.
So I decided to check on the patient
while I'm at it.
[sighs]
People like you are destined
to be doctors.
As for me, I would sleep the weekend away
if I had a choice.
-I slept a lot before coming in.
-How many hours?
-About five.
-[chuckles]
You're so lucky
that you don't need to sleep a lot.
My body is used to it. I'd been doing it
since the military academy.
Aren't you going to move?
Stop sleeping in the on-call room
and get a place in front of the hospital,
so you're closer.
You'll be busier once you're a chief.
Until when do you plan to sleep
in that room?
-I've been thinking about that.
-[elevator dings]
Seventh floor, neurosurgery, right?
Oh, yes. Thanks a lot.
[wheels rattling]
Fourth floor, pediatric ward?
Wait, how'd you know that?
I have superpowers.
[chuckles]
[both chuckle]
[cheerful music]
[gentle music]
[Song-hwa sighs]
You didn't go camping?
What are you doing here, Professor Chae?
I should ask you the same thing.
You're not on call today.
I still had some work left to do.
Are you here to check on Im Jang-hun?
Mm.
That's why I couldn't leave.
What about dinner?
You wanna have dinner together?
I don't want to. If it's going to be
just us, then no thanks.
Why not? Are you uncomfortable?
No, I'm not.
It wouldn't be weird for me at all.
But I don't want you to say something
that would make things awkward again.
[chuckles]
No, I won't do that.
I swear, I won't.
[chuckles]
Fine. Let's have dinner. Elevator's here.
Let's go.
[mouse clicking]
FORMER MICKY, CURRENTLY IK-SUN
[phone ringing]
-What's up?
-[U-ju crying] Daddy.
What's wrong, U-ju?
[Ik-sun] Ik-jun, he must have had
a nightmare. He won't stop crying.
Seriously. Why did you have to go
and pop your joints in front of him?
-I'll leave now.
-[U-ju cries]
[Ik-sun] My dove trick isn't working.
I've done it a dozen times,
he's still crying.
Your dove trick? Argh.
Don't try to cheer him up
by doing something else, okay?
Go to the convenience store
and buy him the ice cream flavor he likes.
Try to see if he'll calm down then.
I'm leaving now.
Bye.
[Song-hwa exhales]
[exhales]
[soft gasp]
-First basement.
-Oh, okay.
Professor Chae, do you remember that day?
What day?
My first day working as an intern.
I saw you on my way to work
on my first day.
-Really? I don't remember.
-[elevator dings]
-Hello.
-[Ik-jun] Hey there.
I thought you went camping, what happened?
I couldn't go.
Why are you here?
Working on my paper for the symposium.
Where are you off to?
-We're going to have dinner.
-Mm.
Have you eaten?
I'll eat at home. U-ju's waiting.
[clicks tongue]
Right, okay.
Oh, I parked my car here. Take care.
Don't you have a lot of things to pack?
No, not really.
Oh, I can't believe
we've got a month left.
[Jun-wan chuckles]
I never imagined
I'd be having a long-distance relationship
at my age.
Sorry about that.
Hmm. Don't be sorry. It's all right.
This is great for you.
Jun-wan, in three years, you'll be 43.
It doesn't matter. It feels the same.
[Ik-sun chuckles]
The time difference is eight hours,
it'll be hard for us to call each other.
Since we'll talk less, there'll be
miscommunication and we will argue.
Mm-hmm. We'll be impatient
and annoyed and we'll fight.
We'll fight about who comes to where.
"Why are you leaving so early?
Why aren't you answering my calls?
Why was it on vibrate?"
We'll be on each other's case.
That happens.
[Ik-sun] Hmm.
And after some time,
we'll have a bad breakup.
You haven't even left the country yet.
Why are you getting worried over
something that hasn't happened?
Because I know you that want
to get married and start a family.
What if you end up wasting three years
of your life waiting for me?
I'd hate that.
I won't.
If you want, we can continue like this
for the next five or even ten years.
I'm okay with everything.
What I want isn't to simply get married.
It's to be with you for a long time.
I mean, of course,
I still want to marry you.
But if you don't want it, then we won't.
I'm happy as long as I'm with you.
[soft romantic music]
Ik-sun.
Three years will go by quickly.
Forty years went by fast too.
[chuckles]
Give me your hand.
I have something for you.
Don't do this.
I told you not to pressure me about that.
I was clear when we first started dating,
you're not allowed to do or give me
anything because I don't like that.
Remember I told you I hate presents
like rings and necklaces?
You think I got you that?
[chuckles]
[laughs]
-I bet you're embarrassed.
-Give me that.
If you tell me not to do something,
I'll never do it.
I'm a kind boyfriend, you know.
You hear it?
Nothing's playing.
["Emergency Room" by Im Hyunsik playing]
Oh, there. I hear it now.
Oh, it's nice.
[exhales]
I love this song, Jun-wan.
What's the title again?
-"ER."
-That's not it.
"Emergency Room." I'm serious.
The song hospital employees hate the most.
Why do they hate it? I love it.
[Ik-sun] Plus, it's the perfect song
for this kind of weather.
I think it's nice.
["Emergency Room" by Im Hyunsik playing]
It's the weekend.
Are you sleeping at the hospital?
I can drop you off at your house
if you want.
It's okay, I'm more comfortable there.
You should get a place
close to the hospital.
It's important to get lots of rest too.
-Yeah.
-[phone rings]
GOOFBALL IK-JUN
-[ringing continues]
-[beeps]
I'm driving right now.
Chi-hong is with me and you're on speaker.
Hang up if you're going to goof around.
-[chuckles]
-[Ik-jun] Are you giving Dr. Ahn a ride?
Yes, what is it? Why did you call?
[Ik-jun] Just checking up on you.
Okay then, drive safely.
I'll call you later.
-Sure, later.
-[phone beeps]
Have a good night. I'll see you Monday.
Right. Thank you again.
[sharp inhale]
-Professor Chae.
-Hm?
Today's my birthday.
-Really?
-Hm.
Why are you only telling me now?
Do you need anything?
Hey, how could you come to the hospital
on your birthday?
What's the matter with you?
-Don't you have friends?
-I do, I have a lot of friends.
[chuckles]
Actually, I had a party
with my friends yesterday.
I also had dinner
with some of the people from the hospital.
I'm sorry, professor.
I couldn't invite you
because your surgery ended a bit late.
Technically, it's still your birthday.
Is there any gift you'd like?
Tell me, I'll get it for you.
Actually, there is a present I want.
What?
Can I honestly tell you what I want?
I'm not gonna cross the line.
Sure.
Please drive safely.
[chuckles softly]
See you at work on Monday.
[somber music]
[exhales]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[Jun-wan] Is Seok-hyeong coming
back today?
Tomorrow. He said he'll call
as soon as he's back.
He should rest and stay in Jeju Island
a little longer.
Isn't he coming back too soon?
He was off for over a week.
It's time for him to work.
Where the heck is Ik-jun? I'm hungry.
I heard my name, I'm right here.
-What? Is it meat? What is it?
-What is it? What's that?
[Ik-jun] Pork belly.
-[both gasping]
-[both] No way!
[Song-hwa gasps]
[plastic rustles]
[cheerful music]
Should we call them in now?
Here.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
[Ik-jun moans]
[Jeong-won] It's so good.
-Call them in now.
-Now? Last one.
[Jeong-won mumbles] Okay.
[comical music]
[both munching loudly]
Did you know that there was
grilled kimchi right there?
That's grilled kimchi? Give me that.
Mm!
Mm, try the pickled Siberian onion.
It tastes totally different.
-[both mumble]
-[Song-hwa squeals]
Seriously. How these two eat amaze me.
Anyone who sees them
think they're so adorable.
Stay friends, guys.
Don't marry each other,
-but have your meals together.
-Exactly.
How can they watch each other eat
every meal like this as husband and wife?
Have you tried the kimchi?
It's really good.
[moans]
[phone rings]
Yes?
[Gyeo-ul] Professor Ahn,
the patient has gone under.
[Jun-wan groans]
Okay. Get it ready.
Yeah.
It's an emergency?
I thought you didn't have surgery today.
Yeah, it's a seven-year-old child
for a urachal cyst excision.
Was that Gyeo-ul's voice on the phone?
Yeah, that was her. She's the surgeon.
She's leading it? You mean
this is Gyeo-ul's first solo surgery?
If you don't want it, I'll eat it.
-No, just eat the meat. Eat the meat!
-[chuckling]
I want to eat it with rice.
[tense music]
[Jeong-won] You'll be leading
the surgery today, Dr. Jang.
-I'll be here to assist you.
-[Gyeo-ul] Hm.
[nurse 3] Congratulations, Dr. Jang.
It's your first surgery.
[nurse 4] He doesn't let others do
pediatric surgeries.
So you should give it your best
and do well today.
[Gyeo-ul chuckles]
[Gyeo-ul] I'm grateful, Professor Ahn.
[Jeong-won] Sure.
[Gyeo-ul exhales]
[Gyeo-ul] I will begin now.
[tense music]
[Gyeo-ul] Tissue forceps, please.
[Jeong-won] Careful, you need to peel off
the right side a bit more.
[Gyeo-ul] Okay.
I will ligate the blood vessel first.
[Jeong-won] Right, go ahead with that.
[Gyeo-ul] Pass me the mixter.
[calm music]
ELAPSED TIME
[suction hissing]
[Gyeo-ul] Is the structure I'm seeing
the cyst, professor?
[Jeong-won] Yes, it is.
You need to remove the mass completely.
But you have to hold
the top and bottom tracks.
[Gyeo-ul] Yes.
Right-angle forceps, please.
-[Gyeo-ul] I will now ligate it.
-[Jeong-won] Okay. Looking good.
-[Gyeo-ul] Mosquito forceps, please.
-[Jeong-won] One more pair, please.
[Gyeo-ul] Metzenbaum scissors, please.
-[Jeong-won] You're doing great.
-[Gyeo-ul] Thank you, professor.
[Jeong-won] Ligate closely
on the blood vessel.
[Gyeo-ul] Yes.
RESTRICTED AREA
When did he tell you that?
-A few days ago.
-[Jong-su sighs]
He'll probably tell you himself,
but since it concerns the hospital,
I got worried.
[Jeon] Sorry for not telling you sooner.
On that note…
has something happened to him?
Jong-su, I need to go to the smoking area.
[inhales deeply]
I'll go with you.
You have liver cirrhosis.
And also, we found a cancerous tumor
of around four centimeters.
In cases like these,
a liver transplant is the best option
to remove the tumor.
Let's get you on the transplant list.
However, the cancer might progress
while waiting for a donor.
As of now…
[exhales sharply]
…the best and the quickest way is
a living-donor liver transplant.
A living-donor liver transplant?
But I don't like the idea, doctor.
I have no wish to burden my family.
Chang-hak, what are you talking about?
You're not a burden, don't ever say that.
We're all a family.
That's right, Chang-hak.
We'll talk about this together.
You don't have to worry, okay?
[Chang-hak breathes deeply]
[door slides open]
Professor Lee, if he's going on the list,
there are a few things we need to check.
And he also needs to get
some tests done now.
All right.
[soft music]
Sweetheart,
why don't you donate
a piece of your liver?
Mom's got a point.
Besides, you're still very young.
It's only right that you do it, I think.
I agree. You should do it
since you're his wife.
Yes.
[Chang-hak's mother] Good,
you just saved your husband.
Oh.
[exhales]
You should do it because
your husband comes first, hm?
I'm sorry we can't help you.
As you can see, we're both pretty old.
And, well…
Chang-hak's brother has been
fragile since birth.
I believe you will be
his best chance of recovery.
Yes, I understand.
I'll donate my liver, doctor.
Thank goodness,
so when can she get the test done?
The sooner she gets the test,
the sooner he'll get the surgery, right?
Please schedule the test
as soon as possible, doctor.
Yes, as soon as the donor is confirmed,
we'll do some tests,
and we can schedule surgery right away.
To proceed with his tests,
would you mind going to the first floor
to settle the medical bills?
Oh, yes.
Your son's condition is pretty bad
and he might need assistance.
I think it's better if someone stays
with him during his tests.
Oh, yes. Let's go.
["The Wind Is Blowing by Lee Sora playing]
[Ik-jun] Donating a piece of your organ
is risking your life.
I know it may be difficult to decide.
And I understand
that the choice is even more difficult
when you have someone else
who depends on you.
No one can criticize you
for not doing this.
If you don't wanna do it,
please be honest with me
and tell me right away.
I can tell them it won't be possible.
Doctor.
I would like to take the test.
And when the test results come back…
[sniffles]
…could you please tell them
I wasn't a match?
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, doctor.
You have nothing to be sorry about.
Please don't cry.
I'll take care of everything.
[crying]
I'm so sorry.
You know, Rosa.
It won't be easy
to get Jeong-won to change his mind.
I know that.
Don't prolong his suffering.
Why don't you let him do
what his heart wants to do?
[sighs]
You can hang out with me all the time.
What? You don't want that?
Where can I find the center garden?
-Why?
-Because I'm supposed to meet him there.
He's done with his surgery
and wants to meet.
Oh. I'll take you. It's right there.
["The Wind Is Blowing
by Lee Sora continues playing]
[Jong-su] My goodness.
[sighs]
He's a grown man. What can you do?
He's not going to listen to us.
Forget it. Just give up and move on, hm?
Let's go.
-Oh, there he is.
-I was talking to you.
[both laughing]
Hold on. Jong-su, don't go out just yet.
Why not?
[Gyeo-ul] Professor Ahn, my incision
wasn't too long, right?
No, not at all, it was really good.
[Gyeo-ul] My sutures were
pretty awesome too, right?
[chuckles]
You did well.
It was your first time, but you finished
in 30 minutes which is good.
[Gyeo-ul] The patient will recover, right?
[Jeong-won] I'm moving the patient
to the ward tomorrow.
You can come with me
and pay attention when dressing.
[Gyeo-ul] Yes. Okay.
[phone rings]
[Gyeo-ul] All right.
[bright music]
[door opens]
["You Always" by J Rabbit playing]
Jong-su.
I have an idea.
-About what?
-My last idea.
On how to get Jeong-won live as a man
and not as a priest.
It'll be a hit-or-miss,
but I still need to give it a try.
What will you try?
Let's go. I'm craving jjamppong.
[laughs]
But what about Jeong-won?
I won't eat with him. Come on.
-[monitor beeping]
-[machine whirring]
[Jae-hak] Her name is Chae-yun.
She had a microembolism
in her brain last week,
and it's not looking too good.
That's why Professor Kim is worried.
[Yun-bok] "Microembolism" in her brain?
It's a small clot?
[Jae-hak] Yes. CS suits you.
[Yun-bok chuckles]
[Jae-hak] That's exactly right.
As for Chae-yun, she has HLHS,
or Hypoplastic Left Heart Syndrome.
She was diagnosed before she was born.
She came out at 34 weeks
and weighed 1.6 kilograms.
The left side of her heart
hadn't formed yet,
and she needs to go through several
surgeries to make sure she'll survive.
She's had two surgeries so far
and was discharged a hundred days later.
After that, she had been scheduled
for another surgery six months from now.
The thing is,
her condition worsened two months ago,
so she was brought to the ER.
And now, she's been
on ECMO for two months.
At the moment,
her only option is a transplant.
[Yun-bok] Can't you find any donors?
[Jae-hak] It's very hard to find
a heart transplant donor for her.
Less than three heart transplants
are done for babies in a year
all over the country.
Dr. Do, I'd like to talk to
Chae-yun's mom.
[Jae-hak] Yes.
The paralysis in the arms
from microembolism
is much better after we gave
the anticoagulant.
But to be honest,
the situation doesn't look too good.
I don't know
if I should even be telling you this,
but I really hope we find a donor soon,
since right now…
that is our only chance.
Doctor.
[sobbing]
Chae-yun is only seven months old
but five of those months
was spent inside the hospital.
She's experienced so many emergencies
but she's made it through all of them
thanks to you.
She's…
She's breathing and she's moving.
My baby's still alive.
Listen, doctor.
I know that Chae-yun's a fighter.
We're going to find a donor for her.
And she'll be able to have the surgery.
So please, Doctor Kim.
No matter what, don't give up on Chae-yun.
Yes, of course,
I will never give up on her.
Please don't worry.
I promise I'll do my best.
Thank you so much.
[sobbing]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
Um, Professor Yang.
Professor Yang.
Professor Yang,
have you eaten anything yet?
[sighs]
Professor Yang,
have you had your dinner yet?
How is your mother doing?
Are you hungry?
You want to have dinner with me?
Sorry to disappoint you,
but Seok-hyeong's going to have
dinner with us.
Oh, hello, professor. And goodbye now!
Wrong way. Goodbye, professor!
-[Jeong-won chuckles]
-[Min-ha pants]
[Min-ha groaning]
Oh, I'm so screwed!
You came back sooner than I thought.
I have a lot of outpatients tomorrow,
so I went through the charts.
-Where's Song-hwa?
-At Neurosurgery's team dinner.
She'll join us later.
-What about Ik-jun?
-At Neurosurgery's team dinner.
[Jeong-won] Ik-jun never misses out
when it comes to parties.
[people laughing]
-[Seok-min] Drink up.
-You're a lightweight.
[Seok-min] Why do you look so worried?
[Seon-bin] Spin the bottle already,
it's your turn.
People still play this game?
I haven't played this in 20 years.
They're getting to know each other.
I think it's cute.
Why can't they just text their questions?
Be quiet. We're here to have fun.
[Seok-min] Spin it, spin it, spin it.
[Chang-min] Ready.
[all] Oh!
[all laughing, applauding]
Yes!
[Seok-min] Yeah.
What is it? No questions for me, right?
-All right, pass.
-Doctor.
Can you tell us what you think of
Dr. Heo Seon-bin?
Hey, how many times have I told you
that there's nothing going on between us?
Be quiet, just let him answer it.
So what'll it be? You gotta drink up
if you don't wanna tell us.
[Ik-jun] Hang on.
Now, you'll hear his answer.
Come on, NS guys, don't you know
how this game is played?
Answer the question.
What do I think of her?
I think she's a great colleague.
[all groaning]
There, I answered.
Guys, you're asking
all the wrong questions.
Of course he'll give you
a safe answer like that.
Seriously, how could you not know
how to play this game?
-What should they have asked?
-Do you like Heo Seon-bin?
[people snickering]
Dragon, answer the question.
Really? I thought you were
just demonstrating.
See that? He got all worked up.
That's the reaction
you should be after. You got it?
Now you know how to play this.
What are you teaching them?
[upbeat music]
[gasping]
Me?
[giggles, moans]
[all laughing]
Ask me whatever you wanna know.
I'll tell you everything.
[clears throat]
What is your relationship
with Professor Chae?
Okay, let me rephrase my question.
-Hey.
-Sorry about this, Professor Chae.
Professor Lee.
What we would really like to know is
has there ever been a moment
when you considered Professor Chae
to be more than just your friend?
-That's a good question.
-Good one!
Seon-bin, you're such a fast learner.
Are you really curious about that?
-[all] Of course.
-[Seok-min] Of course, we are.
We're dying to know.
[all chuckle]
-We really are just friends, guys.
-[Seok-min] Yeah.
We heard you, professor
but now we're playing a game.
Mm…
[Seon-bin] Come on, spit it out.
You said you'd tell us everything.
[Ik-jun] Mm…
[bright music]
I'll go with no comment.
No comment? You practically said yes
-by doing that.
-[Ik-jun] What do you mean? Hey!
Seon-bin, hey. I'm your professor,
and we're not close
so don't talk to me like that.
[gasps]
Crap!
I totally sounded like
an old geezer, didn't I?
[all laughing]
Sorry, guys. I didn't mean it,
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding, ouch. I'm so sorry.
[Ik-jun] Anyway, let's move on. Go!
[upbeat music]
What? Me again? It's not fair!
Unbelievable. Must be my lucky day.
It keeps picking me.
I'm gonna have to buy lottery tickets
on my way home tonight.
-Professor Lee.
-Ah, why is it you again?
Who was your first love?
Who was it and when did it happen?
Jeez.
[Seok-min] What are you doing?
Hey.
You took his penalty?
Ugh, he's a guy,
so why are you coming to his rescue?
Okay, so now that I drank it all,
I can tell him what to do, right?
Right.
Okay.
Please answer the question
that we asked you earlier.
You do have feelings for her,
for Professor Chae. Am I right?
Yes, I have.
Of course, I have.
Is that what you really wanna know?
[all] Ooh!
[Seon-bin] Oh my goodness!
[all laughing]
[phone ringing]
So are you guys still together?
[Jeong-won] We're at a karaoke bar!
Come on over!
I'm going to send you the address.
We can't do karaoke.
Ik-jun is already drunk.
No, I'm not.
-I'm not drunk.
-[Jun-wan] Song-hwa!
-I'm a skunk.
-Get your butts down here!
Hey, we're all super hammered here.
Believe it or not,
Seok-hyeong has been drinking all night.
Can you just shut up for a second?
Stop by even just for a few minutes.
[Seok-hyeong] When will they get here?
[Jeong-won singing drunkenly]
Number three!
Here.
[music stops]
-It's time to go home.
-Ah.
-When did you get here?
-That's enough.
Time to go home, guys.
Hey, we only have a minute left.
The last one. I'm gonna be singing
the last song tonight.
-So where is "Goodbye Now"?
-[sighs]
You've been singing nonstop
the entire night.
-Okay?
-[machine] One, five…
-Come on.
-…eight, five, four.
"I KNEW I'D LOVE YOU"
[music plays]
♪ The day I first saw the picture of you ♪
♪ January 31, 1999 ♪
-♪ From that day until this moment ♪
-Is Ik-jun going through something?
♪ You waited ♪
Yeah, he's got issues.
♪ Only for me ♪
[Jeong-won] What's going on?
♪ I called you today, out of habit ♪
♪ And you answered
In your warm, welcoming voice ♪
♪ You made me the happiest person ♪
♪ In the whole wide world ♪
♪ I love you so much ♪
♪ I knew I'd love you ♪
♪ The day we first met ♪
♪ Even if you falter ♪
♪ As our love fades with time ♪
♪ I will be your anchor
Just like you were to me ♪
APRIL 1999
How about this one?
Well, something simple.
Oh, I think this one will look better.
You mean the one at the front?
-Just a second, please.
-Yeah.
My girlfriend is very neat,
and she's really cute.
[Ik-jun] ♪ I was mean to you ♪
♪ But you still waited for me ♪
♪ I knew I'd love you ♪
♪ The day we first met ♪
♪ Even if you falter ♪
♪ As our love fades with time ♪
♪ I will be your anchor
Just like you were to me ♪
[Ik-sun] Seriously?
All the way from Hawaii? God, that's nuts.
I must've been out of my mind.
Anyway, you and Jeong-won
are the only ones who know about it.
So don't tell anyone. Especially…
Your brother. Swear to me
you won't breathe a word.
-My brother knows how to keep a secret.
-[Jun-wan] I know.
But I'm sure he'll tease me.
You know he won't stop tormenting me.
[laughs]
And you?
Me? I'd rather not talk about it.
But I should tell you because we said
we won't keep anything from each other.
[inhales deeply]
I can't believe
you dated such a douchebag.
[chuckles softly]
But don't worry.
I want you to know I'll never lie to you.
That will never happen.
[gentle piano music]
You see, Jun-wan…
Um, if the time comes that we do start
growing apart from each other,
and if life gets in the way and we
no longer feel like we are crazy in love,
I want you to tell me right away.
And let's break up.
Hey.
I was finally able to put
my crazy ex-boyfriend behind me for good
and start seeing you…
because I really like you.
[Ik-jun] ♪ You were in tears
But I turned around and left  ♪
So I want us to only have good memories.
♪ I was mean to you ♪
♪ But you still waited for me ♪
♪ I knew I'd love you ♪
♪ The day we first met ♪
♪ Even if you falter ♪
♪ As our love fades with time ♪
♪ I will be your anchor
Just like you were to me ♪
♪ It must've been so hard ♪
♪ You warmly embraced
Even my foolish tears ♪
♪ I knew I'd love you ♪
♪ The day we first met ♪
♪ Even if you falter ♪
♪ As our love fades with time ♪
♪ I will be your anchor ♪
♪ Don't worry about anything ♪
♪ Just hold my hand ♪
♪ Like the day we first met ♪
♪ Us two ♪
["I knew I love" by Jeon Mi Do playing]
SPRING OF 2016
PASSENGER ELEVATOR
Excuse me, could you please press seven?
Oh, sure.
Thanks a lot.
Excuse me.
[Song-hwa] Sixth floor, right?
I pressed it for you.
[man 1] Great, thank you.
[man 2] Watch out, watch out.
Sorry about that.
Careful, there you go.
Excuse me.
-[man 2] Ah, could you--
-I already pressed five for you.
Have an easy delivery.
-[all chuckle]
-[man 2] Thank you very much.
Excuse me.
Are you on your way to Neurosurgery?
Oh, me? Yeah.
Are you an intern?
It's my first day as an intern here.
And I was just wondering
if you were one too.
You think I look like an intern?
You're starting in NS?
I feel sorry for you.
[sharp inhale]
Did you two go to the same school?
-Oh, no we didn't. We just met today.
-[door opens]
Good morning, Professor Chae.
[Song-hwa] Hi.
[Seok-min] Professor,
these are our new interns.
Oh, hi, how are you?
[Seok-min] Say hello. This is
Professor Chae Song-hwa of Neurosurgery.
[both] Hello, professor.
It's nice to meet you.
I hope our paths would cross
as you pursue NS next year.
[chuckles]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
I couldn't really hear you.
Can you say that again?
[coordinator] We found a donor
for your patient, Professor Kim.
-How old is she?
-It's a four-year-old girl.
She weighs 18kg, and her blood type is O.
-A TA victim.
-[sighs]
They're about to decide
whether she should be declared brain-dead.
So I'll call you
as soon as they make their decision.
Oh, thank you.
[somber music]
I hope you didn't mention anything
to Chae-yun's mom
-about this brain-dead patient.
-Hey, of course not.
Professor Kim, what do you take me for?
I know what to do.
I haven't told her a single thing.
If it turns out Chae-yun
and the donor don't match,
she'll be so disappointed.
I know. That's why
I've kept quiet about it.
-I was asking just in case.
-[phone rings]
-What do you have for me?
-[coordinator] Professor Kim.
The committee just ended their meeting,
she's been declared her brain-dead.
Based on the schedule, she'll be admitted
as a donor tomorrow morning at nine.
Thank you so much.
-[chuckles]
-[phone beeps]
We found a donor.
[gasps]
-Thank you so much, doctor. Thank you.
-[sobbing]
You shouldn't be thanking me,
but the donor's family.
Well, in any case, we're so thankful
that we found a donor.
That alone is a huge relief.
And while we're beyond grateful,
the donor's heart is big for Chae-yun.
She's weight over three times more.
So even if your daughter's heart
is enlarged,
the donor's heart will still be
too big for her.
And we can't do anything about it,
so I'm sorry.
That being said, we're in no position
to be picky about that stuff
because the clock is ticking for Chae-yun.
Let's do the surgery.
-Okay.
-Yes.
They're going to procure
the donor's heart tomorrow morning,
both of us will be there to observe.
It's a rather hard procedure,
but I promise I'll do my best.
[Chae-yun's mom sobbing]
[tense music]
[both crying]
Huh?
[knocking]
Professor Kim, would you like me
to give you a wake-up call tomorrow?
Jae-hak, I think I'm sick. Can you check?
Yeah, maybe a mild fever?
I can't have a fever.
I'm performing surgery tomorrow.
[comical music]
[Jun-wan] Oh, stop it, you fool.
[phone ringing]
How does it look?
[fellow] Professor,
the heart is in good condition.
-We can proceed with the surgery.
-Okay.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
-[man] Excuse me, nurse.
-[Su-bin] Yes.
I'm still in pain even after the surgery
and I'm all bloated. I feel really bad.
I see. It's natural to experience
discomfort after surgery,
but your procedure went well.
So hang in there, your recovery's going
to be quick and you'll be up and at it.
I know it's not easy,
but keep walking slowly.
It'll help you pass the gas too.
Okay, thanks very much.
-No problem. Take care, okay?
-I will.
What are you guys looking at?
So-mi. It's her first video
since she was discharged.
-My goodness.
-I subscribed to her channel, Ms. Song.
So-mi is really talented
at editing her videos.
Take a look at this.
Hong-do is in the thumbnail.
[Yeong-ha] What?
[Chang-min] I'm outta here.
Oh, it's not Hong-do.
We all know who that is.
Ms. Song, So-mi uploaded a video of you.
What?
STOP LOOKING AT THE HANDSOME MED STUDENT
THE WOMAN OF THE HOUR IS…
Jae-hwan, the IV and IM ampoules
should always be kept separate.
[Su-bun on video] What is this?
NURSE SONG SU-BIN AT YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
WHO IS ALSO SO-MI'S MOM
Could you come over here?
This patient needs
to get the tests done now,
so could you go with him to the lab?
You also need to monitor his SpO2 level
to make sure it doesn't drop.
[sighs]
What are we gonna do with all of this?
[Su-bin] So-mi.
I feel bad for wasting food.
Just have one more bite
of the rice and soup, okay?
[So-mi] No way,
I'm 40 kilograms now. I won't eat.
You just got your surgery
and you're already on a diet?
Put that thing down.
[woman] So what time
do I have to be here tomorrow?
He just left without explaining anything.
Ms. Yoo Sang-eun will be the first one
to go into surgery tomorrow morning.
She'll be moved to the OR
around 7:30 a.m.,
so you can be here by 7:00 if you want.
The surgery will take about two hours,
but the whole process will take
a bit longer because of the anesthesia.
The surgery will go well,
so please don't worry and get some rest.
[woman] Oh, thank you so much.
Sure.
[chuckles]
What's that?
Finish this.
So-mi, come on. Put that down.
One more spoonful of this, okay?
MY MOM, WHO TOLD ME TO HAVE
ONE MORE SPOON OF RICE
GOES TO CHECK ON PATIENTS
WITHOUT DRINKING A CUP A WATER…
I'll check on Lee Jang-u's vital signs
and get him settled.
Then I'll see if he has a bed ready
in Room Three, okay?
OFF TO THE ROOM
WITH A BIG SMILE ON HER FACE!
Ma'am, how do we explain
that we need to get
Lee Jae-guk's consent for ERCP?
Tell him he's got
a high total bilirubin level.
After his cholecystectomy, and from the…
MRCP exam, we found a CBD stone,
so he's getting ERCP.
MY MOM IS AWESOME
I FEEL LIKE I'M WATCHING A MEDICAL DRAMA
Hey, So-mi.
You know I have privacy rights.
Why don't you ask my permission first?
[So-mi] You totally got it wrong.
I wasn't filming you at all.
HER BUSY DAY CONTINUED EVEN AFTER THAT
I'M ROOTING FOR MS. SONG
AND ALL THE OTHER NURSES
Oh, gosh.
Oh, I hope I have a daughter too.
Boys can be sweet, you know.
I know. The video is super nice.
That's all I meant.
You know, to think…
So-mi and I had a huge fight this morning.
Goodness, I never know
what that girl is thinking.
-[all chuckling]
-[Su-bin] Oh, gosh.
[Chi-hong] Im Jang-hun has been
POD for ten days.
Brain CT scan shows
most of his ICH has resolved.
Motor responses are improving,
so we'll move him to Rehabilitation.
That's such good news.
I was getting worried about his case.
[Song-hwa] Could you try lifting
your right leg for me, please?
Could you draw up your right knee?
His leg has improved a lot sooner
than I expected.
I agree, doctor.
I mean, it's still pretty weak,
but at least it responds now.
I felt so relieved.
His mobility will improve a lot more
once his therapy starts.
But what's the point, doctor?
I still can't move my arm.
[Jang-hun's wife] Honey,
how can you say that?
Your arm will recover soon, you'll see.
No, it won't.
My arm has been numb.
For over ten days now.
Right, doctor? I won't get my arm back.
[voice breaking]
I won't be able to use it…
for the rest of my life?
The hemorrhage took place
in the part that controls the limbs.
That's the reason why it's still weak.
But the damage occurred
before the surgery,
so for now, we're still not sure
if you'll recover completely.
[sighs]
[Song-hwa] The leg has certainly
improved a lot,
but the arm might take
a bit longer to recover.
[groans]
You're still a young man,
so you shouldn't give up hope.
I've seen patients recover
after they do therapy for some time.
Why did you bother saving my life?
Have you lost your mind?
Seriously, why are you being like this?
We made the best choice at the time.
The surgery went well,
and the hemorrhage has been resolved.
What you can do now is
start rehabilitation and be patient.
How do you expect me to live like this?
I can't even use my arm!
God, I hate this.
I don't want to live like this.
My life is over!
[Jang-hun sobbing]
There was adhesion caused
by being on the ECMO for months.
In that case, we had to make sure
we open the chest without the patient
suffering from a cardiac event.
Thankfully, we pulled it off
without any complications.
-Thank you, thank you very much, doctor.
-Thank you for everything you've done.
[Jun-wan] But it took a while for us
to open the chest.
And even though the donor's heart
is doing its job pretty well,
it's a little big and swollen,
which we were expecting already.
The chest is hard to close,
so we left it open.
But we will try closing it again
when the swelling goes down in a few days.
Bottom line is, the surgery was a success.
-Thank you so much, doctor.
-Thank you, doctor.
[Chae-yun's father]
We can't thank you enough.
Please wait outside.
I'll make sure you can see Chae-yun soon.
They're tidying up now, but don't worry.
You should be able to see her
in about an hour.
[both] Yes, thank you so much, doctor.
[both] Thank you again.
[Chae-yun's mom] Thank you.
[breathing heavily]
It went well, right?
Professor Kim, you do this all the time.
Are you okay?
You know the surgery went well.
Right.
We have to reduce the IO ratio
and make the swelling go down.
Let's close her in a few days, okay?
[laughs softly]
Just keep monitoring her.
Check for bleeding and make sure
she's urinating well, you got it?
You got it?
Is that clear?
Mm-hm.
[sighs]
[exhales deeply]
[all sigh]
[sighs]
Because of the size of her liver,
she can't be a donor.
[crying]
More than 30 percent of the liver
should be left after the partial removal
to ensure the donor's safety.
In her case, it will be only 25 percent,
so we'll need to look for another donor.
Oh, dear. No…
Doctor… I'm relieved.
["The Wind Is Blowing"
by Lee Sora playing]
Honey, you don't have to worry.
[crying]
But even if your liver was suitable,
I would never let you do it.
Now that I'm sick,
you have to remain healthy.
That's the important thing.
[sobbing]
Who else will look after Dong-ju?
[Chang-hak] His father is sick.
What he needs is a healthy mom.
I'm going to be okay.
-[Chang-hak's wife sobbing]
-[sniffles]
Listen, Mom.
I don't want you
to stress my wife out over this issue.
This is about the three of us.
[crying]
We're going to figure this out.
[wailing]
-[Chang-hak's wife continues crying]
-[inhales deeply]
[sighs deeply]
Oh, thanks.
[Chi-hong] It's cold.
[Song-hwa] Mm.
He was out of line when he said that.
I mean, you saved that patient,
Im Jang-hun.
-Hey, Chi-hong.
-Yeah?
Would you mind going there later
to speak with his wife?
She must be stressed out as well.
Tell her that my line is open.
She can call me at any time.
If she has questions about his condition
or the rehabilitation he'll be doing.
I might make her uncomfortable
if I tell her this myself,
so I want you to tell her.
[calm music]
[sighs]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
What?
I've already told the director about it.
I want to work at the Sokcho branch
for a year.
What the heck are you talking about?
Why would you go there all of a sudden?
My neck is hurting me a lot.
I need a break. I want to rest.
[Song-hwa] They perform less
surgical procedures than we do,
so I'll take it easy
while I treat my neck.
I also want to study while I'm there.
Besides, I'll visit Seoul often.
I'll take care of the VIP surgeries
as long as I get the schedules
ahead of time.
About that other thing,
I can definitely take care of it there.
How could you decide on something like
that without even talking to us first?
I'm sure Song-hwa made
the best decision for herself.
Don't get so worked up, okay?
And if she isn't here…
Then what about the band? Huh?
What'll happen to the band?
I'll be here in Seoul every weekend.
Sokcho is only two hours away.
It isn't far.
Yeah, just divide your time
between Sokcho and Seoul.
Go get your neck fixed first.
Hey, Seok-hyeong.
How's your mom doing?
She has to carefully monitor
her blood pressure.
You should worry about yourself first.
My mom is healthier than you.
[chuckles]
She's been feeling
a little weak these days,
that's why she's in the hospital.
She's all right.
[sighs]
[door opens]
Hi, Mom. Mr. Pyeon just arrived.
What is he doing here?
Why hello, Mr. Pyeon. How have you been?
What in the world are you doing here?
Hello, ma'am. I'm here
because I just got a call
from Chairman Yang Tae-yang's lawyer.
Apparently, Chairman Yang left a will
before he passed away.
[Pyeon] So his lawyer
and Chairman Yang's chief secretary
called me.
They would like to go over the will
with the two of you in person.
They're on their way
to the hospital right now.
[dramatic music]
[calm music]
But why me?
I mean, to be completely honest,
I'm a nobody to Professor Ahn.
As his mother,
I know him inside out.
I saw him when
the two of you were out here
having a conversation.
I could tell immediately from the way
he was looking at you.
That he really…
cares about you
and that he likes you a lot.
When there's something that
my son likes or doesn't like, I can tell.
Because it shows on his face.
You may think I'm being nosy,
and yes, I could also be wrong.
But this is like my last hope
and I must ask you…
for a big favor,
I hope you'll indulge me.
Can you please ask my son to stay?
Ask him to give up his plans…
of becoming a priest.
Ask him to stay at the hospital.
Can you do that for me?
[mutters]
[Rosa] Please?
[bright music]
[Song-wa] Winter is finally here.
[woman 1] Doctor, I have never seen
this many patients in my life.
[woman 2] It's Christmas Eve, you know.
[Ik-jun] You're worried
about something. What is it?
[Jae-hak] I'll encounter
hundreds of thousands of moments
where I must make a decision.
But what if I make
the wrong decision every time?
[Jae-hak] Professor Kim.
[Min-ha] I was wondering if you have
any plans for this evening?
Dr. Chu confessed her feelings for you?
[Ik-jun] Good for you!
[Song-hwa] Did something happen again?
[Pyeon] Could you tell us
when this will was written?
[Song-hwa] Did he mention
anything else in the will?
He only cared about himself.
That worthless leech.
You're not going to the airport tomorrow?
[Jun-wan] Isn't it Ik-sun's flight?
Am I pressuring her?
Should I send this to her?
[Auntie] Oh my, professor.
I hope you don't have to work
all the time when you're there.
[Ik-jun] I know you'll miss daddy,
but you can wait for ten days, right?
[Jeong-won] If the surgery goes well
and the patient recovers,
I'll take you out for a nice meal.
I heard you're transferring
to the Sokcho branch.
Hang on, who told you that?
-Who is it?
-It's me, Gyeo-ul.
Please, take good care
of Dr. Jang Gyeo-ul.
["I knew I Love" by Jeon Mi Do playing]
Hey.